A competitor is any person or company
that is an opponent of you or your company.
The competitor would exist because the person
or company makes a similar product
or offers a similar service to what you provide.
Who are your competitors?
They are other healthcare providers and private hospitals.
Why should you worry about competition?
VA's goals are critical to servicing the Veteran population.
As a result of VA's visibility and transparency,
it is often criticized for its performance.
However, due to the importance of the niche service
provided to a specialized population,
VA and officials from Congress
believe that VA compares well with their competitors.
VA hospitals had patient safety indicators outcomes
that were better than private hospitals
in six out of nine categories.
VA hospitals also had improved performance over mortality
and readmissions numbers than the private hospitals.
This is good information as we strive
for excellence in our daily endeavors.